# Note AWS CodeCommit

## Securing the Repository and Branches

- Create IAM Group (junior-devs)
- In Permission tab:
  - Inline Policy
  - Create Group Policy
  - Custom Policy (or Generator is ok)

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Deny",
            "Action": [
                "codecommit:GitPush",
                "codecommit:DeleteBranch",
                "codecommit:PutFile",
                "codecommit:MergeBranchesByFastForward",
                "codecommit:MergeBranchesBySquash",
                "codecommit:MergeBranchesByThreeWay",
                "codecommit:MergePullRequestByFastForward",
                "codecommit:MergePullRequestBySquash",
                "codecommit:MergePullRequestByThreeWay"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:codecommit:*:*:*",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEqualsIfExists": {
                    "codecommit:References": [
                        "refs/heads/master",
                        "refs/heads/prod"
                     ]
                },
                "Null": {
                    "codecommit:References": false
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

## Note in IAM

- Explicit Deny takes precedence over anything else.
  => If there's an explicit Allow and explicit Deny then the is what goes into effect.
- In Condition Block and Condition is something that again is a bit more advanced in IAM.
  => Ok, you'll deny everything here (in Action block) on all these resources that match these patterns (in Resource block) but It has to also validate a condition which is that it should be the codecommit references `master` or `prod`.

## Notifications

- CodeCommit => Repo => Settings => Notifications => Create notification rule => Define rule detail as you wish.
- Create SNS Topic as needed
- Configure send notification to SNS Topic

## Triggers

- CodeCommit => Repo => Settings => Triggers => Create Trigger => Events => Send to SNS Topic / Lambda Function

## Cloudwatch

- Use Cloudwatch Events to do DevOps Automation with CodeCommit
- A rule created `awscodestarnotifications-rule`
  => This rule is used to route CodeBuild, CodeCommit, CodeDeploy, CodePipeline, and other Code Suite notifications to CodeStar Notifications.
- Configure:
  - Cloudwatch Rule
  - Event Source
  - Event Pattern
    - ServiceName: CodeCommit
    - EventType: Choose the appropriate event type. (...)
  - Target:
    - Kinessis
    - Lambda
    - SNS
    - SQS
    - SSM (Automation, OpsItem, Run Command)
    - Step Functions state machine
    - _CodeBuild Project_
    - ...

> By Creating a bulk of notification rules in your codeCommit or would it be triggers.
> The general Idea is that we can automate whatever is happening in your repository straight into an automation.
